what's up everybody my name is Rachel
Boneta and welcome to our little weekly
hang out sesh a.k now let's start things
over the last I would say respectfully
that football fans seem to be the most
knowledgeable when it comes to players
stats team history etc etc they're just
very passionate or maybe they are faking
it check out this new video I sport
magazine where the host goes around to
Chelsea fans asking them about the
newest possible transfer only problem is
the guy doesn't even exist
take a look also there's another player
Isabella Dutch a dusty up cauldron note
who was linked he's a left-back
potential layer 6 million replacement
for Ashley for my girls from the YouTube
channel soccer girl problems are back
with another video this time going
inside a player's head for the inner
thoughts on what soccer girls really
think check it out I wonder if it's
chicken nugget day at the cafeteria aha
faking it ah boys do I have a special
treat for you I have found you your
perfect woman Argentinian supermodel
Fiorella Castillo she's obviously
beautiful and she can juggle with heels
or what is that a goat okay you know
it's chicks like this to raise the bar
just way too damn I four regular girls
like me check
oh yeah meant a Madonna image now this
may be my favorite series on YouTube
outside of KTV of course you guys see
some pearly 10-step stuff in the
comments most of which a doesn't really
make any sense
be it's very hard to follow and see it
doesn't really make any sense so for
some reason if you guys grab a couple of
Old English dudes and ask them to recite
the conversation all of a sudden that
sounds almost scholarly take a look it's
pretty fun football your Yanks
I'm sick and tired of you ignorant
people Britain invented the term soccer
so stop following the general public and
do some research just because football
is the term commonly used in some parts
of the world doesn't mean to say it is
the real name of the sport ignorant
whoever just released its most advanced
boot and it is something else
they've enlisted the help of Tyrion read
to help them pull in the reins on these
kicks because they're almost too
powerful take a look at the
action-packed promo for the envelope
hour right here
tre thank you for coming on such short
notice what can I do to help
evopower find a construction it lose
rates what's the problem these field
tests were conducted last week we
believe they could be too powerful even
our test 1 test buffer
that's another whip this week make sure
to LIKE and subscribe to keep the whip
coming your way